hey what's going on guys it's a more
extras and today I'm bring you guys a
domination gameplay on the map radiation
and this game play right here was when I
got with the MPL and I got something I
quickly want to talk about just in case
you didn't already know I sometimes go
back and forth and i play on two
different accounts on xbox live and
talked about this a little bit before I
sort of came back to YouTube before I
was really getting back into the thing
they've been to the swing of things so
if you didn't see one of those videos
you don't know what's really going on
between the jumping back and forth of
accounts both accounts are mine the
extras account that only is you know
xJawz that one right there is my
original account on xbox live the main
one that I like to use the one that I've
used for the past year or two or three I
don't know it's been a while actually
it's definitely been over two years
because that's a long pad in my youtube
channel for almost the two-year
anniversary of my first videos coming up
on October thirty-first so I guess
that's kind of cool but anyway the the
two accounts are no one that you know i
like to use mainly for most of the
things i do as far as gaming goes and
the other one is just 1 i've been using
lately to rank up and have some fun and
do different things and actually care
about my kill death ratio on so just
because a lot of people were asking
questions about that in the comments
section last video I thought I'd clear
that up so anyway the class i was using
in this game play the MPL like i said
and like is in the title of this video
even though i do pick up some other guns
along the way like the auger i just
picked up i will warn you that so you
know don't don't think that just because
mdl is in the title that you know i
don't sometimes use other guns and i
know some people get upset over that but
i know i'm getting on another tangent
that I probably shouldn't so anyway with
the npl I was using the person
lightweight sled of hand pro and
marathon I don't like I had lightweight
pro or marathon pro yet in this game
play and that kind of sucks I got to
work on getting those because those are
both really really nice pro perks to
have but the lightweight and the
marathon was not necessary but really
something i like to use when i am using
the MPL and i want a rush i can mean a
really run into their spawn and use the
high rate of fire and the slightly
larger clip size of the npl did some
serious damage done on the enemies what
I will say though is if you decide not
to go with scavenger or hardline two
things that would
allow you to probably get up to those
higher killstreaks a little bit easier
because you have more ammo definitely go
with dual mags oh and excuse me I know
hardline doesn't actually give you more
ammo but it just requires less kills to
get to your killstreaks so yeah I
definitely recommend you go dual mags
like I was doing in this game play the
MPL overall not a fantastic SMG doesn't
have many advantages over the other ones
in the games like the aks-74u or the
spectre but it is a nice gun to use to
get a little bit of variety every once
in a while and it certainly isn't a
terrible gun like some people might
stigmatize it to be so that's what i
will say about it my killstreaks for
this gameplay we're a little bit high i
think i was using the the UAV the
Blackbird and the chopper gunner 3
killstreaks absolutely love to use on
the chopper gunner on our radiation does
some serious work which I'm sure you
guys will see a little bit of in a
little bit here some things I want to
talk about today unrelated to the
gameplay number one and one few guys an
update with my car accident so Pilate
guys I don't know about this I talked
about it a little bit on Twitter it
never really made a full video talking
about what happened but I did get into a
car accident about a month ago I think
it's been a while actually maybe maybe
two or three weeks I know if it's been a
full month but anyway what happened was
basically this I was going through an
ikea parking lot after just leaving best
buy and a woman in a jeep grand cherokee
limited edition was you know coming the
other way in the parking lot and we were
let me set the scene for you we were
right up against the the front of the
ikea so we were in that that road not
like the road that is you know that the
ikea is off of but the the wall corn out
walk away pathway whatever but the
actual road that's like 20 feet from the
ikea that's right in front of it sort of
the loading zone area well anyway she's
driving on the side of the road closest
to the ikea i'm driving on the other
side of the road we're both going along
our merry ways nothing seems to be going
wrong yet but then all of a sudden she
just starts veering to the left and what
she later said was that she turned
around to yell at her child in the
backseat who was complaining about going
to the bathroom she actually even left
while i was trying to get her insurance
information to take her kid to the
bathroom at the
the Outback Steakhouse that was near the
ikea which i thought was a little bit
funny and also a little bit rude but you
know i won't even go there it's all good
but needless to say the accident was not
my fault I had a lot of people tell me
when I got my car that I would probably
you know be getting into an accident
because I got you know a nice car from
our first car and I you know I'm not a
great driver I didn't you know get a
practice car something like that like a
rundown old car which you know maybe
would have been spark to do but I'm a
pretty safe driver it just so happened
that this woman I it was a little
negligent in her driving through the
parking lot and pretty much what ended
up happening is she just kind of slid
right into my driver's side door that's
a pretty big dent in it and it's been in
the shop for a little while now and
there's some pretty bad damages but her
insurance company is paying for all of
it I am NOT you know liable for what
happened i guess you could say i'm not
exactly sure how it works I think my
insurance rates are probably going to go
up just cuz the fact that I'm 17 and I
got into an accident regardless of whose
fault it was but I guess that's just
something I kind of have to deal with so
yeah that was just you know one thing i
thought i'd update you guys on nothing
super significant but just you know
something you might want to know um also
two other things i want to talk about
i'm gonna start doing weekly Q&A s
actually i'm not going to dedicate you
know one episode every week to it but
maybe bi-weekly q and A's and i'll
mention it at the end of videos because
it's you know it's one way to do things
where I ask people for questions on
Twitter but I know not everyone has
twitter i know you have some people
would rather just answered in videos so
you're in the comments section of the
videos so if you have any questions for
me you know i guess a more direct way to
get them to me or for me to answer them
would be through twitter so i'll leave
the link to my tour in the description
this video and you can follow me and
send me a question on there and i might
answer it in my next Q&A video whatever
it may be and if not you know if you
don't have a twitter i don't want to
follow me that's perfectly fine i just
leave a comment on this video right here
and i'm going to go through them and i'm
going to pick probably like five or six
of them that i really like that i think
you guys might be into
in hearing the answers to and I'll put
it over some gameplay from a game that I
enjoy something you know random it could
be some black ops gameplay could be some
coal to do for gameplay maybe some for
as a gameplay I don't know just some
random gameplay I'll throw it over
because I won't be talking really at all
about the gameplay not that I always do
when it is called to do black ops but
just you know I like to usually so maybe
I'll just switch it up there and the
last thing I want to mention really
quickly here is that now that I am back
with YouTube you know making all these
videos this is the fourth one this week
I'm going to bring back the top 5 plays
top 5 plays of the week will be
returning for call duty black ops with a
new email address to send them to so
real quick stick around if you you don't
know you know the way I you normally do
things for on top 5 plays so the email
is going to be extras top 5 plays @
live.com not at yahoo com and if you
would like to submit a clip it's pretty
simple how you want to do it basically
upload it to YouTube make it an unlisted
video and then what you want to do is
send me an email at that email I just
told you guys and make the title of your
email a description a descriptive
description of your your clip don't just
say you know awesome killstreak for
example you for example you might want
to say something like you know 18 kill
streak with death machine on firing
range in 38 seconds you know something
that that gives me a better idea of
exactly what is in the clip so anyway
guys with all that said submit your
Clips submit your questions all that
good stuff and if you enjoyed the video
please give it a like rating i always
appreciate that and that's the end of
this game play final score was 72 and
five with the MPL and other weapons and
killstreaks I'll see you guys later bye